Okay.
So in the previous lesson, we declared two new get our methods.
Each one of our two new getters will receive a single job and will be responsible for determining whether
or not that job should or should not be included in the filter jobs.
So both of these new getters will return boolean values.
And what we have here is enough for us to properly write a couple of tests because remember, we don't
actually have to use these getters yet in our filter jobs getter.
These are separate, independent methods and they can be tested as such in our test suite.
So on the right hand side here, I have my getters that test, that yes.
File where we are testing all of our getters.
I have collapsed all of my tests above.
So at the very bottom here, we can add a new described block for each of our two new getters.
Let's start with writing some tests for our new getter called include job by organization.
All right.
So there's going to be two conditions that are under which this method can run.
The first is when the user has not selected any organizations.
So that is basically testing this line right here that when selected organizations has a length of zero.
We always want to return.
True.
So I'm going to provide another describe just to give this a little bit of context.
So describe when the user has not selected any organizations.
And for my test description, I'm going to keep it simple and just say it includes job.
What I want this letter to tell me is that the job should be included.
So pretty simple.
I simply have to follow the setup that I have in this.
Get our methods so we know they're going to need some kind of state.
So let's begin by declaring that this is going to be our mock of U.S. state.
And so we need our selected organizations array to be empty.
That fits the criteria that we described above.
The next thing I want to do is to create a sample job object just because we're eventually going to
need to pass it in for this parameter right here.
So I'm going to declare a sample Java object and I'm just going to give it an organization property
so it has something to work with.
And let's give an organization of Google.
Okay.
So now the next thing we want to do is to actually run the getter so we know we have our getters object.
That is the big object that we are exporting out of this file.
That is this big object right here, starting with Lion 11.
So we are exporting that getter object.
And on that getter object we have a method called include job by organization.
And what does that getter method accept as its first argument?
Of course, it always accepts the view store state.
So we're going to provide our state.
Now here's where people get confused because they think that they can simply provide job as the second
argument to this getter.
But that's not the way it works right here.
Remember that from the perspective of a JavaScript method, the include job by organization method returns
a function that accepts a job parameter.
So what we're going to get back from this invocation is going to be a function and it is that function
that we want to invoke and pass the job parameter to.
So right here, immediately what I get back from this method is going to be a function and I can directly
invoke it in line by passing a pair of parentheses the exact same way that we invoke any other function
in JavaScript.
So here is where I actually want to pass my job argument from above.
So again, we are first invoking this part right here on line 40.
I'm highlighting it right here.
It's going to return this function in line and I'm going to invoke this function that I get back as
the return value immediately right here and pass in job.
All right.
So another way I can write this, if this is a little bit confusing, is something like this, like
job function is going to be basically this.
I'm going to get back a function from this method and then I'm going to invoke the job function immediately
passing and job.
Except I'm doing this logic on a single line right here because whatever function I get back from the
method, I'm immediately invoking with parentheses immediately after I'm doing the exact same thing.
All right.
It's important that you don't make the mistake in our test the providing job here, because it is not
the second argument to the original getter method.
It is the first argument to the function that is returned by the getter method.
All right.
So I'm going to.
Invoke that return function with an argument of job and this is going to give me back a boolean.
So I'm just going to save this to a concept called include job.
And then on the next line I can say what I expect include job to be, which will be some kind of boolean.
So right here, if we have no selected organizations, we should always include the job.
So this should be true.
It should return true to us irrespective of what organization is on the job.
I'm going to save this and we can see that it is indeed passing.
All right.
For my second test, I can pass I can test the regular logic, which is the inclusion of the the job,
or rather checking whether the jobs organization is included in the selected organizations.
So right here I can say it identifies if job is associated with given organizations going to be a very
similar setup to the test above.
The first, I'll create some state with some selected organizations.
So Con State is going to have selected organizations and let's make this an array with values like Google
and Microsoft.
Then I'll create a job object and let's give it an organization of Google.
So because our job has an organization in the state, selected organizations are right.
To be more specific.
We want our getter to return.
True.
So right here I'm going to say include job and how are we going to invoke together the same way as we
look any other getter we're going to invoke include job by organization.
That getter will always receive the view state as its first argument.
That getter method will return a function, right?
It's not returning a boolean, it's returning a function that then returns a boolean.
I'm getting the function right here.
I'm invoking that function, passing in the argument that function expects, which is the job.
And when that function evaluates, that function is going to actually give me a boolean and that's what
I'm going to store in the include job constant.
So right here, I expect include job to be true as well.
All right.
Do we need to test the false case?
I don't really think so, because if we were, we would really be.
Testing is simply that the includes method in JavaScript does what it's supposed to do.
I don't really care.
So I think this is enough to capture both possible scenarios under which the getter could run.
All right.
And that is good enough for me, for this getter.
So let's write a very similar bunch of tests for our second getter.
It's basically going to be very similar.
It's right here down below.
But in describe include job by job type.
Provide an arrow function.
And here I'm going to provide another to describe when the user has not selected any job types.
And here.
And we're going to start with our state.
Actually, we need to start, of course, with an assertion.
And the assertion is the same as the above.
It's going to include the job purchase description.
Okay.
So now we can start by setting up our state.
We're going to have these selected job types array, BMT.
Make sure you don't just copy and paste because it's not going to be selected organizations for this
one.
Here we care about selected job types.
Here is a sample job object.
We're going to give it a job type of full time.
And when I invoke my getter, we're going to get a Boolean.
So const include job.
We're going to talk to our GETTERS Object.
We're going to invoke the include job by job type getter.
The getter always is going to get the state as the first argument.
It's going to return a function.
I'm going to immediately invoke that function, pass the argument the function expects, which is our
job and I expect that include job should be true.
So expect to be true because when we have no selected job types, the job should always be included.
And then below this described at the top level of my include job by job type described, I'm going to
write my second test.
It identifies if job is associated with given job types.
All right.
So once again, we're going to need to have a state.
This is our mock view store state.
It's going to have a selected job types array.
But now we need to populate it with something less populated with full time.
And part time and below.
I'm going to have a job.
Our job is going to have a job type property.
Let's say it's going to be a job type of part time.
And then we can validate that the job should be included because it's job type is found in these selected
job types array.
So right here include job.
I expect it to be a boolean and I'm going to get that boolean by first invoking my getter method called
include job by job type passing in the view state, that getter is going to return a function to me.
I'm going to invoke that function.
It passed in the argument it expects which is job and then I expect include job to be a boolean and
it should be true because part time is found in my selected job types array.
All right.
And I can of course test that any of these fails simply by, for example, removing this bit of logic
right here.
I'm going to comment it out and save it.
We're going to see we're going to get a failure.
All right.
So that is proof that our implementation is working as expected.
So now we have created two separate getters that each receive the View X Store and also return functions
which allow them to intrinsically accept second arguments.
In this case, each of these getters accepts a single job argument, so now we can bring it all together
by using these getters in our filter jobs getter in the next lesson.